README.md, before:

# laser-development-kit

## [Get started](https://www.koheron.com/products/laser-development-kit/getting-started/) 

1) Get [latest release](https://github.com/Koheron/koheron-sdk/releases/) of SD card image.
On Windows, you can use [win32diskimager](http://sourceforge.net/projects/win32diskimager/) to burn the SD card.

2) Insert the SD card on the Red Pitaya, then plug ethernet and power cables. 
The last number of the board IP address is displayed on binary format on the 8 Red Pitaya LEDs for convenience.

3) Make sure the following packages are installed:
* Python (2.7+ or 3.5+) with Numpy and Scipy
* PyQtGraph (`pip install pyqtgraph`)
* koheron-python (`pip install koheron`)

4) Launch GUI:

```sh
python interface.py
```

You will need to enter the board IP adress to connect to the board.

![Demo](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1735094/9765362/317e8212-5714-11e5-8480-ab3e311260c9.gif)

## Build your custom FPGA bitstream

You can build custom bitstreams from the reference designs in the [koheron-sdk](https://github.com/Koheron/koheron-sdk) repository.

## Copyright

Copyright 2015 Koheron SAS. The code is released under [the MIT licence](https://github.com/Koheron/laser-development-kit/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Refactor (#91)
* Remove ldk/drivers/base_simu.py

* Update .gitignore

Ignore packages.txt

* Remove ldk/drivers/base.py

* Update ldk/drivers/__init__.py

Following removing ldk/drivers/base.py

* Update

* Examples

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Remove examples/README.md

* Minor update README

README.md, after:

# laser-development-kit

## Requirements

* [Koheron Laser board](https://www.koheron.com/laser-development-kit)
* Red Pitaya board with the [latest release](https://github.com/Koheron/koheron-sdk/releases/) installed on the SD card
* Python (2.7+ or 3.5+) with Numpy and Scipy
* koheron-python (`pip install koheron`)
* PyQtGraph (`pip install pyqtgraph`) - only for the Graphical User Interface

[How to set up a network connection for the Red Pitaya and find its IP address.](https://www.koheron.com/support/redpitaya-ip-address)

## Script examples

```sh
export HOST=192.168.1.100 # Red Pitaya IP address
python examples/power_vs_current.py
```

[See more examples](https://github.com/Koheron/laser-development-kit/tree/master/examples).

## Graphical User Interface

```sh
python interface.py
```

![Demo](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1735094/9765362/317e8212-5714-11e5-8480-ab3e311260c9.gif)

## Build your custom instrument

You can build custom instruments using reference designs in the [koheron-sdk](https://github.com/Koheron/koheron-sdk) repository.

## Copyright

Copyright 2015-2016 Koheron SAS. The code is released under [the MIT licence](https://github.com/Koheron/laser-development-kit/blob/master/LICENSE).
